1. News
2. US and Iran launch new strikes, as Kuwait says airport hit by Iranian drones
3. Israel strikes southern Lebanon but partial truce with Hezbollah appears to hold
4. Watch: Man attacked by bear at steel works in Japan
5. Police say 11 officers hurt at UK student murder protest
6. Foreign nationals among at least 21 killed in Delhi fire
7. Sailors stressed and exhausted after months trapped by Strait of Hormuz blockade
8. Indonesia's Prabowo fires head of free meals scheme plagued by poisonings
9. Now you can hire people to carry your shopping bags in Delhi - will it work?
10. US plans new tariffs on dozens of countries over forced labour concerns
11. Delcy Rodríguez visits India - will Venezuelan oil earn permanent place in Delhi's energy mix?
12. Ukrainian drones hit St Petersburg as Putin's flagship economic forum opens
13. Shell pumped oil through Nigeria pipeline for years despite pollution evidence, documents show
14. Meta workers can opt out of being tracked at work - but only for half an hour at a time
15. More to explore
16. Putin remains uncompromising on Ukraine, but is public discourse on war changing in Russia?
17. Prepare for El Niño, UN warns - it could be the strongest yet
18. China goes after 'ghost kitchens' to rein in cut-throat food delivery apps
19. Why Myanmar president's India visit is being closely watched
20. How content creator killer hoped a YouTube alibi would help him avoid justice
21. UK student murder: Key moments of police bodycam footage
22. Can two hours of strength training a week reduce the risk of dying early?
23. Most watched
24. Sacred hall housing 'eternal flame' in Japan destroyed by fire
25. Nowak murder: Key moments of police bodycam footage
26. MAFS UK insiders tell of 'unhealthy' focus on sex
27. Police bodycam shows officers handcuffing Henry Nowak as he lay dying
28. Also in news
29. Martin Scorsese gets backlash after endorsing 'creatively freeing' AI
30. New York police investigate videos of men emerging from city's sewer system
31. Steph Curry signs with Chinese brand after Under Armour split
32. Puffin and bumblebee among 18 creatures shortlisted to feature on UK banknotes
33. Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass advances to run-off in race to run California's biggest city
34. Mysteriously missing congressman wins primary after Trump endorsement
35. Most read
36. Lloyds, Halifax and Bank of Scotland app users hit by outage
37. Celine Dion 'heartbroken' by death of Beauty and the Beast singer Peabo Bryson
38. US announces new tariffs over forced labour concerns
39. Sport
40. French Open quarter-finals: Sabalenka holds off Shnaider to take first set - listen & follow
41. The anatomy of a Golden Boot winner - and who could win it in 2026?
42. Man Utd agree £35m fee for Atalanta's Ederson
43. Back shaving & biggest posers - the Scotland squad in their own words
44. Scott poised to make England debut in World Cup friendlies
45. Qualifier Chwalinska reaches semi-finals to continue dream French Open run
46. Leclerc agrees new long-term deal with Ferrari
47. The BBC is in multiple languages
